with the drought intensifying the
nightshift is particularly busy there
should be plenty of opportunities for a
young leopard leopards have superb night
vision we do not we must rely on
infrared cameras to experience the
leopards nighttime world
water still remains the focus of
activity after dark
but now thirsty animals must beware of
both Crocs and leopards
hunting takes practice at first he
appears indecisive but stalking a jackal
brings an unexpected bonus the warm
night air carries the scent of a
recently killed chattel stag the jackal
must work quickly to make the most of
this chance
the leopard could chase him off the kill
at any moment
you
the jackal runs but it's not the
youngster that spooked him the real
owner of the carcass is returning a huge
adult male it might be a good idea to
move on